{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author MSR}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27540\viewh17360\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 As a DRep, I have voted no on the proposal to reduce the tau parameter and lower the transaction tax that funds the Cardano treasury. While there are appealing arguments for this change\'97such as increasing rewards and short-term liquidity for ADA holders or reducing user friction\'97these benefits are overshadowed by significant risks at this pivotal moment in Cardano\'92s development.\
\
First, we are navigating a period of financial uncertainty. The shift to democratic governance has introduced an untested budgeting process, and we lack data on whether it will sustainably manage treasury outflows. We don\'92t yet know the baseline for spending or whether the treasury might face depletion. Reducing tau now, before we\'92ve established stability and acountability in budgeting and finalized key variables like maximum change limits, risks undermining our financial foundation. I\'92d rather see a proven track record of fiscal responsibility before adjusting inflows.\
\
Secondly, a robust treasury is Cardano\'92s best safeguard for long-term success. By maintaining\'97and ideally growing\'97our reserves, we can build a sovereign wealth fund akin to those in Norway or Abu Dhabi. Such a fund would provide a steady cashflow stream, compounding over time to seize future opportunities or buffer against downturns on the road to mass adoption. Short-term spending gains pale in comparison to this vision. Cardano aspires to be a country-scale financial ecosystem, and that ambition demands prioritizing financial resilience over immediate outflows.\
\
Finally, governance introduces a human risk: the tendency to treat the treasury as \'93other people\'92s money.\'94 This mindset can bias DReps toward overspending, especially on justifiable projects, without feeling immediate consequences. Given that our governance system is new and many DReps may lack experience with large-scale treasury management, we need prove we can foster a culture of fiscal discipline. Reducing tau before we\'92ve demonstrated prudent budgeting amplifies this risk.\
\
In closing, lowering tau now would be a premature gamble. Cardano should prioritize stability, prove the budgeting process works, and grow our treasury to secure Cardano\'92s future. I urge fellow DReps to vote no until we have the data and governance maturity to choose when and how much to reduce tau.\
\
Hat-tip to @earncoinpool, @amw7, @Orbital_Lexicon and others for their clear reasoning why Tau should be reduced now.  The arguments were compelling, but I believe the timing isn\'92t correct.  \
Also a hat-tip to @JaromirTesar, and @Hoskytoken for their strong arguments against the change.  Both sides helped me form my opinion.}